Select audio files or the whole directory
Enable "Phonetization"
Click on the "Configure" blue text
Fix the options
Choose the language in the list
Click on "Perform annotations" button
The "Procedure Outcome Report" is displayed
Some WARNING can occur
in the example: a truncated word
in the example: a misspelling word
Use IPUscriber to change spelling in the transcription
Apply "Text Normalization" and "Phonetization" again on that file
If a phonetization is not as expected: modify it...
Open resources folder then dict folder
Edit the file ".dict" of the language
Find the word you are interested in and modify it
Be careful to save in UTF-8 encoding